Remove unused callback from GUI exercise (#1293)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/exercises/day-3/simple-gui.md

# Drawing A Simple GUI

Let us design a classical GUI library using our new knowledge of traits and
trait objects. We'll only implement the drawing of it (as text) for simplicity.

We will have a number of widgets in our library:

* `Window`: has a `title` and contains other widgets.
* `Button`: has a `label`. In reality, it would also take a callback

>   to allow the called to do something when the button is clicked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  function to allow the program to do something when the button is clicked
```
